Today is my first day writing in a journal again because I don't really have that much time on my hands, so now that it is the end of my freshman year, I'm gonna write a little recap of what happened during said year.

When I started the year, the whole first week is dedicated to this big meeting where they introduce you to all the nooks and crannies of the university, such as the facilities, clubs, activities, the rubric, etc. Then I started out studying calculus, linear algebra, introduction to CS and introduction to programming. I remember absolutely acing the first part of programming introduction because I knew a bit of C++ at the time and some people have zero knowledge in programming at all.

But then I didn't do that well for the rest of the year and almost flopped on linear algebra> i di eventually barely made it past the semester without failing any subjects.

At the time, there was this League of Legends world championship series that 2 of my roommates really loved because, well, they play League of Legends. On the night of the finals, we stayed up late and bought a pizza, which up until now is the only time ever that we pooled our money to buy something like it.

And then New Year came. It was quite uneventful apart from the fact that I got to stay home for longer than most other students.

2025 came, and the first thing we did was start our "second season" of Minecraft hardcore. Inspired by *martincitopants*' series where he plays Minecraft hardcore with his friends, the rules were the same, try to beat the Ender Dragon, but if just ONE person dies, we reset the world. By the time I'm writing this, we've reached episode 33 and soon it will be 34 because on that last attempt, my friend Phát, died destroying an End Crystal, and my friend Phú died soon after due to dragon breath. Even though that already invalidated our attempt, me and Khoa persevered and eventually beat the dragon.

Even better, the 2025 Formula 1 season has been very intense with a truckload of drama, like, holy shit, they can make a new Drive to Survive™ season on Netflix just from this alone.

Anyway, that's all I 