So I've just got back from my family's yearly trip to Vinpearl Nha Trang yesterday, and this is why I was more excited about the food than the trip itself.

For starters, Dad continues to do the kind of threatening and disagreeing about everything that I suggested. for example, I specifically wanted to carry a backpack because it is a very short vacation that lasts only 2 nights. But dad REALLY seem to want me to carry a suitcase because it had wheels so that I can pull my baggage instead of having to carry it on my shoulders. And for the WHOLE FUCKING NIGHT, Dad keeps muttering how I'm so "stupid" for thinking that.

I mean, in my defense, carrying a backpack is much more convenient on a short trip, like, the only stuff I'm bringing is a few set of clothes. While if I carry a suitcase, yes I can pull it along the surface, but it is extremely hard to handle on a rough surface or at stairs. Plus, it takes up a lot of space for no reason.

As I'm writing this, I just realized that maybe the reason dad really wanted me to use a suitcase is so that he and Mom can use it to put THEIR food and drinks, which also includes beer that will weigh down the suitcase A LOT. That just makes me mad even more because it is MY suitcase, and I do NOT wanna serve their alcohol addiction. I do not wanna see a repeat of aall those times where the first thing I pulled out of my backpack is FUCKING BEER.

Anyhow, our vacation lasts from Thursday to Saturday, and on Thursday night, as I was having a nice buffet dinner at the restaurant, my class group chat sent me a link to a form that I had to fill in within ONE DAY. And it's not just any form. It's that form where you have to answer the questions with a literal ESSAY. Imagine how mad I was when I have to write fucking essays on vacation.

On the very next day, we spent our entire day on the amusement park. Once again, me and Alvin's suggestions on which experience to participate got put to the back of the queue because the adults really like storytelling experiences for some reason. So, with their barely functioning memories, they went to this one called Tata's World. For sone context, we were accompanied by Ms. Lan, Mom's best friends's family. And BOTH families have been there before literally the previous year. It's only interesting when you haven't known the story yet, and once you knew, it takes away the whole appeal of Tata's World. The worst thing though, is that when we got there last year for the first time, there weren't any lines, so it was smooth sailing 