It's been quite a long time huh?
Last time I wrote anything on my journal was back in the summer of 2025 and since then I've been kinda too lazy to write new stuff to my journal due to studying and uh, *gaming*.

Anyway, I celebrated the new year by going out to District 1. To celebrate the new year, all the tickets for that day's metro line would be free. However, I didn't notice this and thus wasted 16k VND for a ticket that I'd never use.

The departure trip was already way more crowded than normal due to the fact that it's, well, new year's day, but still not so crowded that it'd be uncomfortable. I first went to Cộng Cà Phê, a coffee shop which is a few decades old, to meet the Khoa and Kiệt (I went with Phú).

Then we went to this place called Saigon Snipers to play this sport shooting game. Me and Phú went there first with a Grab taxi. Unfortunately, upon arrival, I realized I left my hoodie at the coffee shop so I asked Khoa, who was riding on Kiệt's motorbike at the time to come back and help me fetch it.

I'll never forget the fact that they decided to use my growing anxiety to their advantage for an elaborate and deceptive prank. They lied that the hoodie couldn't be found back at the shop and had me worried for quite a while before revealing that they had been keeping my hoodie all along.

Right after, we went to a Korean fried chicken diner where I had to wait excruciatingly long because the other two decided to go look for a graphics card. Turns out the shop was closed and they didn't notice so after forever they came to us empty-handed. During the whole period of waiting, Phú came to a shocking realization that he'd been spending way too much the past few days so he began fearing the worst.

Remember how I said the departure trip on metro trip was crowded but not to the point it's uncomfortable? Well, well, well, the return trip can only be described in one word: NIGHTMARISH. There were so many people crammed inside the train that it felt like the Shinkansen in Tokyo, complete with multiple babies crying, noisy old people, that suffocation feeling, and me being forced to stand at a position that caused BACK PAIN, which I'd never had to experience EVER on a metro, even when crowded. For those reason, you could imagine how relieved I was when I finally got out of the train.